Monetizing your niche Web site you want to make money from his web site don't you.
Well there are a number of ways that you can do that.
As we will discuss in this video some of the methods will bring in more revenue than others affiliate
marketing.
This is probably one of the easiest ways to monetize your niche Web site you find related offers for
digital or physical products and you tell your visitors about these.
Each time a sale is made using your affiliate link you will be paid a commission.
It is easy to become an affiliate for Amazon and Click Bank.
All you need to do is complete an easy application process and you will be given instructions on how
to obtain your affiliate links.
Getting accepted by affiliate networks like Commission Junction and share sale is not as easy.
So look at this a bit later on.
Create your own products.
You can create your own related products and sell these from your niche Web site.
Creating a product is not as difficult as it sounds.
And you can use our content as the basis of a product for example.
Make sure that any product you create is of the highest quality.
If you need to spend money developing a great product then be prepared to do that.
Never create inferior products or you will be deluged with refund requests and people never visit your
niche Web site again.
CPA offers there are thousands of CPA offers where you are paid a commission for getting your visitors
to complete a specific action such as entering their email address or zip code.
It is not always easy to be accepted by CPA networks but when you have a good niche Web site up and
running this should not be a problem for you.
Google Ad Sense this will not make you rich but can bring in some income that you can use for other
things to develop your niche marketing business.
You will need to sign up for a Google Ad Sense account and then when accepted Google will automatically
place ads on your posts and pages.
When a visitor clicks on an ad you receive a commission.
Sell advertising on your niche Web site.
Once your niche Web site is established you can sell advertising space if you want.
Sometimes potential advertisers will contact you directly and then you can negotiate a monthly rate
for a specific type of ad.
There are also websites available where you can let advertisers know that you are willing to sell advertising
space on your niche Web site.
This is certainly a good way to generate revenue from this Web site but not something that you can do
straight away sell coaching services from your niche Web site as your experience grows in your chosen
niche.
You will be able to offer coaching services to your target audience.
If your niche is suitable for this your audience will respect you as an expert and a leader and a number
will want to pay you top dollar for your knowledge.